https://www.tsw.co.uk/blog/leadership-and-management/six-thinking-hats/

# Blue Hat 
The blue hat is metaphorically worn by the individual chairing a meeting, controlling a team, or managing a situation. They will often provide the ground rules in the form of an agenda, goals and scope.

- What is the problem we are dealing with?
- What are we trying to achieve in dealing with the problem?
- What will be the benefits of solving this problem?
- What is the best and most effective way to approach the problem?

# White Hat
The White hat is used at the beginning and end of a session. Used at the beginning to concentrate on the facts or data available. Used at the end of a session to question ideas derived from using the other hats.
# Green Hat
The green hat is used to encourage new and innovative ideas. Thinking outside the box where anything should be considered. No negative thinking or comment is allowed at this stage in the process.

# Yellow Hat
The yellow hat is the optimistic hat, used to consider the possible merits of ideas which may have been generated by the green hat process.

# Red Hat
This is the intuitive hat where feelings and emotions can be expressed, such as fears and dislikes. These feelings do not need to be justified they just identify gut feelings.

# Black Hat
The black hat is the negative but logical hat as it looks at possible solutions or ideas to determine if they may or may not work. Negativity without reason must be avoided as this is a red hat function

